Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hell.
We're moving out.
Got a fire?
Too early in the morning.
All right.
Get out of there. Come on.
Come here.
I'm fixing you up with a job...
with your uncle.
Work now, till you go back to college.
If your face gets any longer
here, you'll overbalance...
or I'll commit suicide.
Bilquis?
Good.
And Tania and the other girls?
I say...
can't you give Omar some work
in your garage for a few weeks?
Come on, yaar.
The bugger is your nephew, after all.
He's on dole...
like everyone else in England.
He sweeps the dust from
one place to another...
he squeezes shirts...
and he heats soup.
I mean, that hardly stretches him.
His food stretches me.
Oh, come on, yaar. I'll send
him to college in the autumn.
One thing more, try and
fix him up with a nice girl.
I'm not sure his penis
is in full working order.
We've got one parking space.
?5 a week.
And from this afternoon...
we're offering a special
on-the-premises...
clean-the-car
service.
New thing.
Is that your car?
Why you feeling it up, then? Come here.
Here, I said.
This bastard who almost
beat you up is Salim.
You'll be seeing a lot of him.
I've heard many great
things about your father.
I must see him, but where is the time?
You're too busy keeping this damn country
in the black. Still, someone's got to do it.
So, your papa got thrown out of
that clerk's job I fixed him with?
Pissed, was he?
Can you wash a car?
Have you washed a car before?
Your uncle can't pay you very much...
but at least you'll be able
to afford a decent shirt...
and you'll be with your own
people, not in the dole queue.
Mrs. Thatcher will be happy with me.
It's easy to wash a car.
You just wet a rag and rub.
You know how to rub, don't you?
Do this one first.
Carefully...
as if you were restoring
a Renaissance painting.
It's my car.
- Hi, baby.
- My love.
Here.
What do you think I am, your trampoline?
Speak my language, damn it.
I'll do nothing else, Nasser.
- Do you think we'll ever part?
- Not at the moment.
I'm serious.
Just keep moving.
Just there.
I love you.
Darling.
Christ, you move like a niner.
I love you, too. Can
we go away somewhere?
- Yes, I'm taking you.
- Where?
- Campton Park. Saturday.
- Really? Great. Can we take the boy?
- I've got big plans for the boy.
- You aren't gonna make him work.
By the way, Rachel is my old friend.
Hello.
How's Auntie Bilquis?
At home with the kids.
Papa sends his love.
Uncle, if I pick Papa up...
Have you ever been to a
high-class place like this before?
I suppose you spend most of the
time in your black-hole flat.
- Lf I pick Papa up, Uncle...
- He is one of those underprivileged types.
...and squeezed him,
squeezed Papa out like that...
I often imagine I'd get...
Two fat slaps.
Two bottles of pure vodka
and a kind of flap of skin.
Like a French letter.
What are you talking, madman?
I love my brother like I love you.
- I don't understand how you can love me.
- Because you're such a prick.
You can't be sure that I am.
Nasser.
She's right.
Don't deliberately
make me laugh at you...
when I've brought you here to
tell you one essential thing.
Now, move closer.
Get up.
In this damn country,
which we hate and love...
you can get anything you want.
It's all spread out and available.
That's why I believe in England.
Only you have to know how to
squeeze the tits of the system.
He's saying that he wants to help you.
What do you want to do with me?
What am I going to do with you?
Turn you into something damn good.
Your father can't do it, can he?
Here, damn fool.
Take it.
You're like a son to me.
To both of us.
Like the work?
Come on, for Christ's sake.
Help me with my accounts.
Kiss Rachel.
I said give her a kiss, not a shower.
- I'll finish your paperwork tonight, Uncle.
- Such a good worker.
- I'm going to promote him.
- What to?
You come to my house next
week, and I'll tell you.
- It's a long way. How will he get there?
- I'll give him a car. That one there.
The keys are in the
office. Anything he wants.
I've got a real challenge
lined up for him.
You must be getting married.
Why else do you dress like
an undertaker on holiday?
I'm going to Uncle's house, Papa.
He's given me a car.
Brakes must be faulty.
Tell me one thing...
'cause this is something I don't
understand. It must be my fault.
How is it that scrubbing cars could
make a son of mine look so ecstatic?
It gets me out of the house.
Don't get too involved with that crook.
You've got to go to college.
This is my nephew, Omar.
Auntie Fasia.
Auntie Farida.
Auntie Salma.
And this is Cherry, Salim's wife.
Of course you remember our
three naughty daughters.
He has his family's cheekbones, Bilquis.
I know all your gorgeous
family in Karachi.
You've been there?
You stupid.
What a stupid.
It's my home.
How could anyone in their right mind...
call this silly little
island off Europe their home?
Every day in Karachi...
your other uncles and
cousins come to our house...
for bridge, booze and VCR.
Cherry, my little nephew knows
nothing about that life there.
God, I'm sick of hearing
about these in-betweens.
People should make up
their minds where they are.
Your uncle's next door.
Can you see me later?
I'm so bored with these people.
Games room, okay?
I presume my brother, the boy's papa...
was out screwing some
barmaid, somewhere.
So, when these damn things went on...
I got out of bed, went to the
balcony and opened the door.
And there was my brother,
standing outside with some woman...
and they were completely
without clothes.
Blue with cold, like two bars of soap.
This I refer to as my
brother's blue period.
- But what happened to the woman?
- He married her.
Come along.
Your father is a good man.
So this is the famous Hussein's son.
The exact bastard.
My blue brother was also a
famous journalist in Bombay.
And a great drinker.
He was to the bottle what Louis
Armstrong is to the trumpet.
But you are to the bookies what
Mother Teresa is to the children.
Your brother was a clever one.
You used to carry his typewriter.
Isn't he coming tonight?
- What ever happened to him?
- Papa's lying down.
- I meant his career.
- That's lying down, also.
What chance would an Englishman give
a leftist, communist Pakistani...
- on newspapers?
- Socialist.
What chance would an Englishman
give a leftist, communist socialist?
What chance a racist
Englishman has given us...
that we haven't taken it
from him with our hands?
Best phrased, yaar?
Zaki, you need a stiff
drink, man, that good port.
Nasser, please, God.
I'm on the verge already.
Can I make you a drink?
Make him a man first.
Give him a drink, Zaki. I like him.
He's our future.
It's been years.
And you're looking really good now.
I think we understand each other.
Were they being cruel to you
in their typical men's way?
You don't mind?
I think I should harden myself.
Wow. What are you into?
Your father's done well.
Has he?
He adores you.
I expect he wants you to
take over the businesses.
He wouldn't think of asking me.
But he is too vicious
to people in his work.
He doesn't want you to take over
that shitty launderette, does he?
What's wrong with it?
And he has a mistress, doesn't he?
Rachel.
Yes.
I can tell from your face.
Does he love her?
Yes.
Please, Tania, can you come and help me?
Families.
I hate families.
Take care of him.
Good night, Uncle.
Take my advice. There's money in muck.
What is it that the gora
Englishman always needs?
Clean clothes.
Go on.
Pick it up.
Drive us back, will you?
You can pick your own car up tomorrow.
Salim's not feeling very well.
Hello, darling.
Fucking nice, man, I want to see it!
Get off the car, will you?
Get off the fucking car!
It's me.
I know who it is.
How are you? All right? Working?
What are you doing now?
This kind of thing.
Omar, come back! Come...
What are you now, a chauffeur?
No, I'm onto something.
What?
I'll let you know.
Still living at the same place?
No, I don't get on with my mom and dad.
You?
She died last year, my mother.
Jumped onto the railway lines.
I heard.
All the trains stopped.
I'm still there.
Got my number?
Like my friends?
Ring us, then.
I will.
Leave them there.
We can do something now.
Just us.
Can't.
What are you doing?
I want to pee.
Can't you wait for me to take you?
My tool will drop off before
you show up, these days.
You know who I met? Johnny.
The boy who came here dressed as a
fascist with a quarter-inch of hair?
He was a friend once, for years.
There were times when he didn't
deserve your admiration so much.
Christ, I've known him since I was 5.
He went too far.
They hate us in England.
And all you can do is
to kiss their asses.
Think of yourself as a little Britisher.
I'm being promoted...
to Uncle's launderette.
Illustrate your washing methods.
It's nothing but a
toilet and a youth club.
A constant boil on my bum.
How's your foot?
Is it? Good.
Do you fancy coming for a walk?
- Where did you get those?
- Church.
You little bastard. That's
how machines get buggered.
What?
I'll come round then, shall I?
All right, see you in a minute.
All right, get started.
- You have the broom, move it.
- I don't only want to sweep up.
What are you, Labor Party?
I want to be manager of this
place. I think I can do it.
Please let me.
Here I was thinking how
to tell your father...
how four punks nearly drowned
you in a washing machine.
On the other hand, a little water on
the brain might clear your thoughts.
Okay, I'll charge you basic rent.
Above that, you keep.
You're everything to me.
Of course I prefer you to Jenny.
Get up.
Please, Salim.
I don't know how to make this place work.
I'm afraid I've made a fool of myself.
Never make a penny here. Your
uncle's given you a dead duck.
That's why I've decided
to help you, financially.
Go to this address near the airport.
Pick up some videocassettes...
and bring them straight back to my flat.
That's all.
Go and sit down.
- You're okay? No problems?
- No.
It's one of the best collections
of modern Indian paintings, Omar.
I patronize many painters.
Right.
I won't be a minute.
Make yourself comfortable.
Watch something, if you like.
You're one of us now.
Hello, can I speak to Johnny, please?
Right. Do you know where he's staying?
Are you sure?
No, I just wanted to help him.
If you see him...
ask him to ring Omo.
Is that the tape playing?
- What the hell are you doing?
- Watching something.
Not these. Who gave you
permission to touch these?
It's just a tape. What are you doing?
What business?
Nasser tells me you're ambitious.
But you failed your exams twice.
You've done nothing with the launderette,
and now you're trying to screw me up.
Become like those white
assholes that call us "wog"?
Your family, rich and powerful
back home, has been let down by you.
Go on, fuck off.
Have you seen Johnny?
Piss off back to the jungle, wog-boy.
These people, they're too tough for you.
I'll tell Nasser you're
through with them.
Hello?
Why did you do that?
Useless fool.
- Hello?
- Now look!
- What?
- Bloody ass.
- You've amputated my entire fucking foot!
Didn't I say you
should've been a doctor?
- Hello?
- Typical, you know that?
Johnny.
See you later, Johnny-boy.
I'll throw you out of this flat...
if you ever bring that
bum-liability friend of yours here.
I'm dead impressed by all this.
You were the one at
school, the one I liked.
All the Pakis like me.
I've been through all that,
with my parents and that...
and with people like you.
But now there's some pretty
big things I've got in mind.
I need to raise money
to make this place good.
And I want you to help me with that.
I want you to work here with me.
What kind of work is it?
A variety.
Variety of menial things.
Cleaning windows kind of thing?
Sure.
And you can start by
cleaning those bastards out.
Now?
I want everything done now.
That's the only attitude, if
you want to do anything big.
Christ.
Sorry, what happened before.
Too much to drink.
Just go on another little
errand for me. Same as before.
For?0.
You little bastard.
All right.
Come on.
I saw Salim's game. This is
going to finance our whole future.
Cut him out.
You know where to sell this stuff?
Don't you?
I wouldn't be working for you now
if I wanted to go on being a bad boy.
This means more.
Real work. Expansion.
Salim will kill us.
We'll resell it fast, tonight.
Come on. I couldn't be doing
any of this without you.
Do you want some red?
Will you excuse me a moment?
Let's have a private chat.
You can go.
You haven't paid me.
I'm not in the mood.
Nothing happened to you on the way here?
No.
Something may happen
to you on the way back.
She's nice.
Gosh.
Tell me a about the beach
in Bombay, Uncle. Juhu Beach.
Or the house in Lahore...
when Auntie Nina put the garden
hose in Father's bedroom window...
'cause he wouldn't get out of bed,
and Papa's bed started to float.
You look beautiful.
What about my launderette?
Damn these stories about
places you've never been to.
- What are you doing, boy?
- What am I doing?
It’ll be going into profit any day now,
partly because I've hired a bloke...
of astounding competence and
strength of body and mind...
to look after it with me.
Yasmeen, fiddle with my toes.
What bloke?
He's called Johnny.
And how are you going to pay him?
Nasser, sahab.
Zaki!
Everything is good.
But...
- Speak in English, so he can understand.
- Doesn't he understand his language?
Not only that, I've given him that
pain-in-the-ass launderette to run.
I know.
But this is the point. He's
hired someone else to do the work.
Typically English, if I can say that.
You haven't fucked your
uncle's launderette, little fool?
I don't think you should
talk to him like that.
- Why, is he royalty?
- No. I don't like it.
She's a hot girl.
In my small opinion, much
good can come of fucking.
Your mouth has become very big lately.
Well?
All right.
Let's all take it easy.
Who is that sitting in the
drive? It's bothering me.
Some friend of yours?
- Zaki, please go and see who it is.
- It's only Johnny.
My friend. He works for me.
No one works without my permission.
Tania, bring him in.
How much good would come of
us fucking, later tonight?
I know why you put up with them.
'Cause there's so much you want.
You're greedy, like my father.
He's a great man.
Why did you leave him sitting out here?
He's lower class. He won't
come in without being asked.
Unless he's doing a burglary.
My father wants to see you.
- How's Salim today?
- Wearing too much perfume.
Eyelash.
I said to Miss Street, "I'm
the law. I create the world. "
Tania, please.
- You like Tania?
- Yeah.
I'll see what I can do.
And now on to business.
I've been to see the launderette.
You boys will make a
beautiful job of it, I know.
You need nothing more there.
But in exchange...
I want you to do something.
You look like a tough chap.
I've got some bastard tenants in one
of my houses that I cannot get rid of.
No. I don't do nothing rough no more.
I'm not looking for a mass
murderer, you bloody fool.
- What does it involve, please?
- Unscrewing.
Your favorite subject, Salim.
For Christ's sake.
What's this "unscrewing"?
You're getting into some
family business, that's all.
What the hell else is there
left for you in this country now?
Send him to the garage and call
Tania. Ask her to bring some champagne.
We'll drink to Thatcher and
your beautiful launderette.
- Do they go together?
- Like dal and chapattis.
- To us.
- Cheers.
Timber's coming tomorrow
morning. Getting it cheap.
I've had a vision of
how our place can be.
Why don't people like launderettes?
Because they're like toilets.
This could be a Ritz among launderettes.
A launderette as big as the Ritz.
Yes.
Clean it out.
Why are you working for these people?
Pakis?
It's work, that's why.
I want to do some work, instead
of always hanging around.
- What, you're jealous?
- No, I'm angry, Johnny.
I don't like to see one of
our blokes groveling to Pakis.
They came over here to work for us.
That's why we brought them over. Okay?
Don't cut yourself off
from your own people.
There's no one else
who really wants you.
Everyone has to belong.
I can't ask you in.
You better get back to your father.
I didn't think you'd ever mention him.
He helped me, didn't
he, when I was at school?
Yeah.
And what did you do but hurt him?
I want to forget all of them things.
I passed by the launderette.
So, you gave them the money to do it up?
Where did they get it from, I wonder?
Government grant. Almost
just like us, yaar.
It's your bloody family.
So, like you, God knows
what he does for money.
Come on in.
That joker's a bad influence
on Omar, I'm sure of it.
There's some things between
them I'm looking into.
So they let you out of
prison. Too crowded, was it?
Unscrew.
He's changed the lock.
You better take off the whole
door, in case he changes it again.
He's only a poet with no money.
I ain't hurting nobody, okay?
That door you've just
taken off, hang it back.
Excuse me.
I'm just a poor man. This is my
room. Let's leave it that way!
Thieving Uncle Tom
parasite! I will kill you!
Glory of God!
Throw this bugger out!
Filthy, imperialist swine! Working dog!
Enemy of the Third World!
You and your kind,
your days are numbered!
Doesn't look too good, does it?
Pakis doing this kind of thing.
Why not?
What would your enemies
have to say about this?
Ain't exactly integration, is it?
I'm a professional businessman,
not a professional Pakistani.
And there is no question of race
in the new enterprise culture.
I'll forward your mail!
Do you like the room?
Omar says you have nowhere
to live. I won't charge.
- Why not?
- You can unscrew.
That's confirmed beautifully.
But can you unblock?
Can you keep this zoo under control?
I wish Salim could see this.
Why?
He's on to us.
Yes, he's just biding his
time, and then he'll get us.
- Moose, make yourself useful.
- You've taken the room at Nasser's place?
Make sure you pay the rent, or you'll
have to chuck yourself out the window.
Moose.
That'll do.
Let's open. The whole world's waiting.
I've invited Nasser to the
launch, and Papa's coming.
- They're not here yet.
- Papa hasn't been out for months.
We can't move till he arrives.
- What time did they say they'd be here?
- An hour ago.
They ain't gonna come.
Follow me.
- Shall I open the champagne?
- Didn't I predict this?
You did, man.
This whole stinking area's on its
knees, begging for clean trousers.
The jewel in the jacks, here,
South London, this place will be.
Jesus Christ.
Do you want to open the place up?
Not till Papa comes, remember?
Your father?
He went out of his way with you...
and with all my friends.
He did, didn't he?
What you on about, man?
About how, years later,
he saw the same boys.
And what were they doing?
What?
Marching.
Marching through Lewisham.
It was bricks and
bottles and Union Jacks.
It was "Immigrants Out," kill us.
People we knew.
And it was you.
He saw you marching, and you
saw his face watching you.
Don't deny it. We were
there when you went past.
Papa hated himself and he hated his job.
He was afraid on the streets for me...
so he took it out on her,
and she couldn't bear it.
Such failure.
Such emptiness.
Come on, hurry up. We're waiting.
There ain't nothing I can
say to make it up to you.
There's only things
I can do to show you...
that I am with you.
What a beautiful thing
they've done with it, isn't it?
Oh, God. And with music, too.
It's like a wonderful ship. I'd no idea.
He's a marvel, that boy, I tell you.
- You don't have to tell me.
- But I tell you everything five times.
At least.
Am I a bad man to you?
You are sometimes careless.
Dance with me.
We are learning.
But where are those two buggers?
Johnny did all the
physical work on this.
You're fond of that boy.
I want to do something more to help
the other deadbeat children like him.
And you're tired of work.
It's time I became a holy man.
- A sadhu of South London.
- Yes.
But first, we must marry Omar off.
- Shit!
- Typical.
What the hell are you doing? Sunbathing?
Asleep, Uncle. We were shagged out.
Where's Papa?
Would you do us the honor, madam?
- Love to.
- Here.
Okay.
We thought we'd do the
bloody area a favor, you know.
Lift up the place a bit.
I can't do that. Here you are.
- Hello, welcome.
- Hello.
Enjoying your wash?
Lovely.
Launderettes are impossible.
I've got two launderettes.
Two ulcers, plus piles.
Hello? Angela?
It's me.
- What's your surname?
- Berthoty.
That's it. I know your mother.
I thought Papa might
just make it today, Uncle.
He said he never visits launderettes.
Angela, be reasonable.
You can always buy some
new ones, can't you?
Good. It's Tania.
I've never met her, but
she has a beautiful face.
Who invited Tania, damn it?
I did, Uncle.
Do you two know each other?
At last. After so long
in my family's life.
Bring Tania over here.
Tania, I do feel that I know you.
But you don't.
Marry her. What's wrong with her?
When I say marry her,
you damn well do it.
I don't mind my father
having a mistress.
Good. I'm so grateful.
I don't mind my father
spending our money on you...
Why don't you mind?
Please be nice to her.
Pressure off my fucking head.
...or my father being with
you, instead of with our mother.
Your penis works, doesn't it?
But I don't like women who live off men.
Get going.
That's a pretty disgusting,
parasitical thing, isn't it?
Tania, come and look at the spin dryers.
They're fluff drying.
But tell me, who do you live off?
And you must understand...
we're of different generations...
different classes.
Everything is waiting for you.
The only thing that has
ever waited for me...
is your father.
We'd better get going. See you, boys.
No, I am not drunk, Angela.
I told you, I'm not gonna see her again.
How could I? I didn't
ask her to come, Rachel.
Please...
I'll explain to you.
Darling, listen.
Please listen to me.
It's not my fault, I
didn't ask her to come.
Didn't you, then? Who did?
- The boys!
- That's what you say.
You made me look stupid.
Can we go to the club or
something, for God's sake?
No! I'm not going anywhere with you.
Please.
- Goodbye,
Omar. - Bye-bye.
I want to leave home.
I need to break away.
You'll have to help me, financially.
As well as everything else, why
don't you go to the Palace no more?
Palace ain't my team.
Millwall me.
I'm drunk.
- Will you marry me?
- What about England?
I bet you don't even support
England anymore, do you?
- Palace gave you a trial, didn't they?
- Yeah.
Told my mom Palace
wanted me for a sweeper.
She said, "I reckon
that's about your level. "
If you can get me some money.
Omo's getting married.
I'm afraid you owe me
an awful lot of money.
The beard, remember?
Good, it's all coming back. I
think I better have that money back.
- I haven't got money like that now.
- Because it's all in the launderette.
I'd better have a decent
down payment, then.
About half.
By the time Nasser has
his annual party, say?
Or I'll instruct him to
get rid of the launderette.
It took you a while to get on to us.
Wanted to see what you'd
do. How's your Papa?
So many books written and read.
Politicians sought him out.
Bhutto was his close friend.
But we're nothing in
England without money.
I told you already.
Come on, Angela.
That's stupid.
Of course I won't.
Of course not.
Who told you that, anyway?
Didn't I tell you?
Didn't I tell you about
that noise last night?
Where did you go? You just disappeared.
Drinking, I went. With my old mates.
It ain't illegal.
Of course it is. Launderettes
are a big commitment.
Why aren't you at work?
It’ll be closing time soon.
You'll be locking the
place up, and coming to bed.
No, it never closes.
One of us has got to be there.
That way, we begin to make money.
- You're getting greedy.
- I want big money.
I'm not gonna be beat
down by this country.
In school, you and your
friends kicked me around.
And what are you doing
now? Washing my floor.
That's how I like it.
Now get to work.
Get to work, I said,
or else you're fired.
What about you?
I don't want to see
you for a little while.
I got some big thinking to do.
But today...
it's been the best day.
Almost the best day.
I recognize you, at least.
We was expecting you today.
I've come.
The invitation was for 3:00, Mr. Ali.
It's only 3:10 now.
You know...
I thought I'd come to the wrong place.
That I'd suddenly found myself in a
ladies' hairdressing salon in Pinner...
where one might get a pink rinse.
Do you do a good pink rinse?
Or are you still a fascist?
You used to give us a
lot of good advice, sir...
- when I was little.
- When you were little.
What's it made of you?
Are you a politician? Journalist?
Trade unionist?
No.
You're an underpants cleaner.
Oh, dear.
The working class is such a
great disappointment to me.
I ain't made much of myself.
You'd better get on and do something.
Help me.
I don't want my son in this...
underpants-cleaning condition.
I want him reading in college.
You tell him.
You go to college.
He must have knowledge.
We all must, now...
if we're to see clearly what
is being done and to whom...
in this country.
Right?
- I don't know. It depends on what he wants.
- No.
You use your influence.
Not a bad dump you've got here.
What did you make me
come all this way for?
- What's going on?
- It's heavy, man.
Bilquis is making magic potions
from leaves, bird beaks and stuff.
She's putting them on Rachel.
Is it working?
The furniture is shaking. The
trousers are walking by themselves.
Rachel's come out in a rash.
Glass is all over the place.
I'm out.
Salim's got to have money, soon.
A lot of money. He's threatened me.
This city's chock-full of money.
- When I used to want money...
- You'd steal it.
Decide, now, if you want
it to be like that again.
She's illiterate. Tania's
writing to her sister for her.
Bilquis is thinking about
going back to Pakistan...
after she's hospitalized
Rachel with her potion.
Nasser's on a marathon sulk.
He's going for the world record.
We'll just have to do
a job to get the money.
- I don't want you going back to all that.
- Just to get us through.
We're going to go on.
You want that, don't you?
Yeah. I want you.
Fuck me, what's she
doing with that mouse?
Bilquis!
God damn you!
Who does he reckon he is, your
uncle, some kind of big, gaspy geezer?
Right, maybe this just ain't my world.
- Still getting married?
- I can't really get out of it.
If you wiggle fast
enough, you can, I reckon.
England needs more young men like Omar.
The more boys like that, the better.
Now that Cherry's pregnant...
I will buy a house, and
we'll have many children.
Listen, Zaki, here is Omar.
You talk to him about your launderette.
He will run it for you with Johnny.
Omar, my boy.
I got these two damned
launderettes in your area.
- I need big advice on them.
- I will advise you.
If the launderettes are
giving you trouble...
I'll pay you rent for them plus
a percentage of the profits.
Really?
Please, can you take
charge of the music for us?
You've taken a great weight off my head.
It's a deal.
I've got it.
The installment.
It's hefty.
Don't ever offer me money.
It was an educational
test I put on you...
to make you see you did a wrong thing.
Don't, in future, bite the family
hand when you can eat out of it.
You need money, just ask me.
Years ago, your uncles lifted me
up, and I will do the same thing.
All right. He's no one.
Bitch. What the hell is going on here?
- Can't you control your bloody people?
- What do you mean?
Why should you be able to?
You gamble most of your money away.
That smooth suppository owns us.
Our education, your businesses...
Rachel's stockings. It's his.
- I thought you two were getting married.
- Any day now.
- I'd rather drink my own urine.
- It can be tasty with a slice of lemon.
Get out of my sight.
I'm going further than that.
- Let's get out of here.
- Take me.
- Salim will give us a lift.
- What?
I need him for something
I've got in mind.
So, I was talking to Zaki about it. I
want to take over both of his launderettes.
- He's got no idea.
- None.
Do them up with this money.
Is it enough?
I thought you might want to
come in with me, financially.
I could do with some straight outlets.
You're a smart bastard.
Look at them. What a waste of life.
They're filthy, ignorant.
They don't respect people,
especially our people.
What this scum needs is
a taste of their own piss.
Right, I think I can
do something with this.
Me and my partner.
Take it.
I trust you and your family.
I'd happily put money into it.
Right.
Wait a minute.
Want to come in and take
a look at this place?
Think we can do something with it?
- Can't tell without seeing it.
- Come on, then.
Not if that scum Salim's there.
I'm going.
Where?
Away.
I'm going.
You can come.
No good jobs like this around.
Omar just runs you around
everywhere, like a servant.
I'll stay here with my friend...
and fight it out.
My family, Salim and all...
will swallow you up like a little kebab.
I couldn't leave him.
Not now.
Don't ask me to.
You ever touched him?
So, today is the saddest day for us.
I thought that I'm taking you
too much away from your family.
Love...
money...
you.
Besides, it's not possible
to enjoy being hated so much.
Your wife is a brilliant woman.
Oh, my God.
And what's worse, my furniture
keeps moving about the room.
It's not what I'm used to.
The council's been around.
We've had a time.
A short time.
A nice time.
I want to talk to Omo...
about business.
Don't know where he is.
Is it worth waiting?
In my experience, it's
always worth waiting for Omo.
Paki!
Listen, damn country has done us in.
That's why I'm like this.
We should be there.
Home.
But that country's been
sodomized by religion.
It's beginning to interfere
with the making of money.
Compared with everywhere...
it's a little heaven, here.
You are planning an
armada of launderettes?
What do you think of dry cleaners?
They're the past.
But then, they are the present, also.
Mostly, they are the past.
He'll die.
Fuck a varmint!
Salim, get out of here!
Come on, Genghis!
Come on, my son.
Listen to me, Genghis,
I don't want to fight!
- Tough.
- Kill him!
Hit him!
- Come on.
- Kill him, Genghis!
That's enough, man.
Kill the bum.
Come on.
Why are you so unhappy?
Rachel's left me, and I don't
know what I'm going to do.
Fuck you!
Still look after you. I'm finished.
Only Omar matters.
I'll make sure he's fixed up
with a good business future.
And marriage?
I'm working on it.
Is Tania a possibility?
Where the hell are you going?
- I...
- What?
I think I better go.
I think I had.
You were always going at school.
Always running about, you.
Christ, your hand is bad.
I couldn't even pin you down, then.
And now I'm going again.
Give us my handbag.
You're dirty. You're beautiful.
I'm serious. Don't keep touching me.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org